Have waited 3 weeks since I applied for John Lewis broadband I should’ve gone live on the 19th and every day when I phone they tell me 48 hours 40 hours later they tell me 48 hours et cetera et cetera I have asked to speak to a supervisor or manager and they tell me they don’t exist and that basically I just have to keep putting up with it terrible to treat people in isolation like this.

If I could give zero or negative ratings, I would. Dire customer service, broadband speeds not as promised and additionally they promised an engineer to visit for connection purposes on signing up. The engineer didn't show up and I had taken a day off as A/L. Losing a day of A/L. When i phoned they said even though I had received confirmation of the engineer visiting by email, my order had not yet been placed! No refund of anything given for this and internet connection delayed by a month. Please guys cut your losses. Do not sign up with JL broadband.

John Lewis broadband deserve a positive review, my parents use them and never have any problems. This is who I will be switching to when my contract expires next month.

Avoid. Avoid. Avoid.

The worst broadband quality and poorest service I’ve ever encountered.

Service just cut out endlessly every day.. Spent 4 months trying to rectify by speaking with technical support. 8 different people suggested 8 alternative ‘fixes’. None worked. Am currently in process of transferring.

Relative also experiencing similar pitifully slow interrupted broadband. Have terminated contract and despite JL agreeing on the phone to waive the early termination fee, they’ve immediately written to an 81 year old lady demanding early closure fees.

By the way JL broadband is just Plusnet with JL fronting it

They are the worst company I’ve ever had the misfortune to deal with a recommend to avoid like the plague

Not only my go live date was delayed but once we got the broadband, it was absolutely shocking. The connection kept dropping all the time and we spent way too much time talking to their technical support about it. To be fair, most of the support staff were pretty good and they did send the engineer to have a look (no faults with the line found). They were pretty funny about cancelling at first trying to tell me that we were bound by the contract but completely ignoring the fact that their service was not fit for purpose. Ended up cancelling after one week of this disastrous connection (or lack of one for the majority of time) after spending a fortune on my mobile data as the broadband was so poor I had to use my mobile hotspot. They didn't even refund me in full arguing that the phone line their supplied was not faulty! Really a let down form John Lewis, never again. Signed up with BT straight away and their free public WIFI works better than JL's ever did.

Never try their broadband. They use a cheap router and you have to change the channels regularly to make it work. We always have drops in our internet upto an hour long, and when i ring their technical dept they say that it is expected to have at least 3 or 4 drops every 3 days, ive never had that with Sky or anyone else.

We spend over £130 a week with Waitrose shopping and buy clothes and electricals from John Lewis, and when we said we would cancel all those weekly orders for the sake of a £100 cancellation fee, the person said, i have the ability to remove the cancellation charge, but i wont do it, even though he knew they would loose £6-8000 a year in shopping. What a joke.

We are taking it further so i would let you know what his managers say about loosing £8000 a year for the brand to keep £100 in his department.

Shirley chandler

Moe

Christopher J

Mart

monnnn

Rich B

1 year ago

1 year ago

2 years ago

2 years ago

2 years ago

2 years ago

